Add case studies (#232)
OpenTermsArchive/opentermsarchive.org: content/pages/en/case-studies/instagram-adds-a-posting-ban-to-protect-copyright.mdx

---
html_description: "On March 28, Instagram updated its intellectual property community rules, prohibiting the posting of content that \"facilitates copyright infringement through unauthorized devices or services.\""
title: "Instagram adds a posting ban to protect copyright"
service: "Instagram"
terms_types: ["Community Guidelines - Intellectual Property"]
dates: ["2022-03-28"]
---

> On March 28, Instagram [updated](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/france-elections-versions/commit/1be4b836e3012344558b60d8f9f871bc42cfa4ca?short_path=c108c01#diff-c108c013f0b8769389f20259465cb81324e805f4334bcda6931344e16f999441) its intellectual property community rules, prohibiting the posting of content that "facilitates copyright infringement through unauthorized devices or services." The text presents a list of cases in which users would risk infringing the copyright of a third party or even merely “facilitating” such infringement, even if they did not intend to do so. After the previously listed cases, which include "you purchased or downloaded the content" or "you saw others post the same content," Instagram adds that users risk infringing copyright if they "use an unauthorized streaming device or service (examples: an 'jailbroken' or 'uploaded' app or service)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On March 28, Instagram [updated](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/france-elections-versions/commit/1be4b836e3012344558b60d8f9f871bc42cfa4ca?short_path=c108c01#diff-c108c013f0b8769389f20259465cb81324e805f4334bcda6931344e16f999441) its intellectual property community rules, prohibiting the posting of content that “facilitates copyright infringement through unauthorized devices or services.” The text presents a list of cases in which users would risk infringing the copyright of a third party or even merely “facilitating” such infringement, even if they did not intend to do so. After the previously listed cases, which include “you purchased or downloaded the content” or “you saw others post the same content,” Instagram adds that users risk infringing copyright if they “use an unauthorized streaming device or service (examples: a ‘jailbroken’ or ‘loaded’ app or service).”
```
